CAPA: Release v25.1.1. (#1407)
giantswarm/releases: capa/v25.1.1/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v25.1.1 for CAPA :zap:

> 

Reviewer: This release introduces several changes that are required for Vintage to CAPA migration use-cases. 

Most notable change is that now `auditd` kernel setting is *disabled* by default. If you actively use this feature, please add following setting `global.components.auditd.enabled` to `True` in the [cluster values file](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster/blob/main/helm/cluster/values.yaml#L31) before the upgrade.

> 

Reviewer: `This release introduces several changes that are required for Vintage to CAPA migration use-cases.

Most notable change is that now auditd kernel setting is disabled by default. If you actively use this feature, please add following field global.components.auditd.enabled set to true in the [cluster values file](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster/blob/main/helm/cluster/values.yaml#L31) before the upgrade.`

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v25.1.1 for CAPA :zap:

This release introduces several changes that are required for Vintage to CAPA migration use-cases.

> Most notable change is that now `auditd` is *disabled* by default. If you actively use this feature, please add the following field `global.components.auditd.enabled` set to `true` in the [cluster values file](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster/blob/main/helm/cluster/values.yaml#L31) before the upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most notable change is that now `auditd` is *disabled* by default. If you actively use this feature, please add the following field `global.components.auditd.enabled` set to `true` in the [cluster values file](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-aws/blob/main/helm/cluster-aws/README.md#components) before the upgrade.
```
